README.md, before:

# Main features

- **Cross-platform** : All the magic is done with anki templates which is a native feature for Anki on Windows/Mac/Linux and on the mobile versions of Android/iOS

- **Generate multiple cardtypes at once**:
Create one note and generate up to *3* different cards! Flash cards for passive/active vocabulary and writing skills with automatic correction


- **On the fly** audios: Audios are generated dynamically, without the need of storaging hundreads of megabytes of audios and support for different voices, accents and speeds

- **Dictionary Search**: Words/phrases can be study on more deepth inside the cards themselves with a quick search on a custom dictionary (examples: Reverso, Cambridge Dictionary)


# Installation
The most reliable way of installing a template on anki is importing a deck with cards created using the template, in order to do that the we gonna run a Google Colab script that will generate the deck  for us, please click this [link](https://colab.research.google.com/github/viniciusdutra314/Anki-CardMaker/blob/main/AnkiCardMaker.ipynb#scrollTo=4PlW-rYmGAWG) and follow the inscrutions


(if you're a developer you can run the create_template.py by yourself)

### Support on Linux:
Unfortunately, Linux doesn't come with TTS by default like the other operational systems, one easy solution is to install the anki-addon [AwesomeTTS](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1436550454), it will generate audios using online services like Google Translate, you need to create a preset selecting a service/voice for your target language and this is it.

The audios will continue to be generated on the fly and other voices will be avaiable on your different devices

Commit message:

Voices and audio generation section

README.md, after:




# Installation
The most reliable way of installing a template on anki is importing a deck with cards created using the template, in order to do that the we gonna run a Google Colab script that will generate the deck  for us, please click this [link](https://colab.research.google.com/github/viniciusdutra314/Anki-CardMaker/blob/main/AnkiCardMaker.ipynb#scrollTo=4PlW-rYmGAWG) and follow the instructions
<a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/viniciusdutra314/Anki-CardMaker/blob/main/AnkiCardMaker.ipynb#scrollTo=4PlW-rYmGAWG">
<img src="images/colab.jpeg" alt="google_colab_logo" width=300>
</a>

# Main features

- **Cross-platform** : All the magic is done with anki templates which is a native feature for Anki on Windows/Mac/Linux and on the mobile versions of Android/iOS

- **Generate multiple cardtypes at once**:
Create one note and generate up to *3* different cards! Flash cards for passive/active vocabulary and writing skills with automatic correction


- **On the fly** audios: Audios are generated dynamically, without the need of storaging hundreads of megabytes of audios and support for different voices, accents and speeds

- **Dictionary Search**: Words/phrases can be study on more deepth inside the cards themselves with a quick search on a custom dictionary (examples: Reverso, Cambridge Dictionary)





(if you're a developer you can run the create_template.py by yourself)

# Voices and audio generation:
As explained on the [Main Features](#main-features) section, the audios are generated locally using the TTS (Text-To-Speech) of your device, you **need to have installed the TTS of the language that you will generate audios**. 

The next subsections will be a quick tutorial how to install TTS for an arbitray language on Android,Windows, and Linux, the some ideas are applicable to Mac/iOS,.
### Android:
The following tutorial was made on the version 12 of android, but should be applicable to other versions.



### Windows:

### Linux:
Unfortunately, Linux doesn't come with TTS by default like the other operational systems, one easy solution is to install the anki-addon [AwesomeTTS](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1436550454), it will generate audios using online services like Google Translate, you need to create a preset selecting a service/voice for your target language and this is it.

The audios will continue to be generated on the fly and other voices will be avaiable on your different devices
